Add a description for the IDP service (#392)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/idp.adoc

= IDP Service Configuration
:toc: right

> :description: The Infinite Scale IDP service provides a builtin minimal OpenID Connect provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Infinite Scale IDP service provides a built-in minimal OpenID Connect provider.
```

:ext_name: idp

== Introduction

{description}

> The IPD service is mainly targeted for smaller installations. The recommandation for larger setups is to replace IDP with and external OpenID Connect Provider. See the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc#docker-compose-examples[Docker Compose Examples] (ocis_keycloak) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IPD service is mainly suitable for smaller installations. The recommendation for larger setups is to replace IDP with and external OpenID Connect Provider. See the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc#docker-compose-examples[Docker Compose Examples] (ocis_keycloak) for more details.
```

> By default, the IDP service is configured to use the infinite Scale xref:{s-path}/idm.adoc[IDM service] as its LDAP backend for looking up and authenticating users. Other backends like an external LDAP server can be configured via a set of enviroment variables, for details see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the IDP service is configured to use the Infinite Scale xref:{s-path}/idm.adoc[IDM service] as its LDAP backend for looking up and authenticating users. Other backends like an external LDAP server can be configured via a set of environment variables. For details see below.
```
